[FEATURE] add some more Documentation (#55)
phpsu/phpsu: docs/CommandLine/Sync.md

phpsu sync --help
phpsu sync -h
```  

This option shows all possible options and arguments and gives hints about the usages of the sub-commands.

### The Arguments source and destination

```bash
phpsu sync source destination
```

```php
<?php
// phpsu-config.php
$config = new \PHPSu\Config\GlobalConfig();
$config->addAppInstance('production', '...');
$config->addAppInstance('testing', '...');
$config->addAppInstance('local', '...');
// ...
```

The Arguments can be any of the defined AppInstances. 

> They can not be the same AppInstance as than phpsu would be jobless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can not be the same as phpsu would then be jobless.
```

### The Option --dry-run

```bash
phpsu sync source destination --dry-run 
``` 

This option shows how the synchronisation is going to perform without actually synchronising anything.

> It will show you the commands that would run without the `--dry-run` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--dry-run` gives you a basic idea how the configured commands are going to perform
```

phpsu sync source destination -a
``` 

```php
<?php
// phpsu-config.php
$config = new \PHPSu\Config\GlobalConfig();
$config->addDatabase('...')->addExclude('table1');
$config->addFilesystem('...')->addExclude('*.mp4');
// ...
```

> The `--all` option lets you ignore the excludes of your Configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--all` option lets you ignore the excludes of your configuration. 
```

> It will sync all Files and all Database Tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is going to sync all Files and all Database Tables.
```

### The Option --no-file

```bash
phpsu sync source destination --no-file
``` 

> With the `--no-file` option phpsu will ignore all `->addFilesystem()` Configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `--no-file` option phpsu will ignore all `->addFilesystem()` configurations.
```

### The Option --no-db

```bash
phpsu sync source destination --no-db
``` 

> With the `--no-db` option phpsu will ignore all `->addDatabase()` Configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `--no-db` option phpsu will ignore all `->addDatabase()` configurations.
```
